This is one of the very beautiful moments in our life and again we are reconnecting with the
teaching of the Buddha.
Buddha, which is the nature of ours, Buddha teaching is not something that Buddha proclaiming
somebody else and saying something and we have to do that.
Buddha teaching is what is saying, pointing out how we have to relieve people of our beautiful
richness, precious qualities, to make the rich and precious very special in our lives and lives of
others.
That is and with beauty, love, kindness, compassion, joy, with vision and goal and advancing,
courage and commitment and confidence.
All that is what really Buddha is pointing out. All these lineage masters pointing out of that and
how wonderful, how beautiful we are.
We connect to such beautiful, great teaching. It is not just our kind of like something we are
special, this and that, but our important, we are very important beings because we are connected.
We have beautiful calmness to connect to such a great teaching, great lineage teaching of non-vol
ence, love and kindness and compassion.
So therefore again, this is one of the very beautiful moments in our life and it is strength and
joy and appreciation and that is what we need practices, that is what we are going to do.
Kṛṣṇa Kṛṣṇa, in the midst of all the samsara situation, there are so many old tremors
going in every different direction in one way, we think that there are so many.
But here is something really, we have the window of light, we have beautiful, everything is quite
good, everything is quite rich, everything is beautiful.
To compare with so many other things happening in the world, even in this world, which is known as
human world, which is one of the upper realms according to the teaching, which has so many good
things.
But still, to compare with them, to compare, to look to us, we have lot of richness, beautiful joy
and appreciation, igniting those who are grateful, gratitude is practicing with them.
With this beautiful thought, and then with the bodhicata, kindness is compared to all living with
this vastness, vastness, motivation of the bodhicata, increasing that of the beautiful thought.
And then to compare with this, again, the purely understand with nature or the purity, the very
view of the way things are.
Trying to break that again, beautiful politics, that's what we are practicing, Vahiyana teaching.
Not just Vahiyana teaching, we are practicing zho ki.
Zho ki is according to the teaching, top of top, it's a cream of everything. That's what we are
really connected to this.
So therefore, bring that kind of, make that situation, make that kind of environment to observe the
greater teaching in our heart and mind.
Not covered by the skeptical and idea and thought and dark hesitation and all these kind of things.
Those are the mundane samsara, those are the samsara. We've been doing that whole lives.
And according to Vahiyana teaching, not just a life, but we've been doing that from the beginning
of a lifetime, beginning of less times.
We've been doing that. We're tired, we're bored, we're sick, they didn't really lead us any further
than what we are now.
Therefore, we like to change and we like to do exactly what these great masters did, great those
practitioners did.
And therefore, supreme of the purity, understanding of that, that's what really will make the
difference.
And to kind of observe all that is in the teaching, always, then the devotions.
Devotion is so important. Devotion is also not just going one direction.
Devotion is in way 360 degree angles.
Devotion means joy and applications and richness and dear of that.
Joy and appreciation, richness of the lineage, dear and appreciation and joy and appreciate the
feeling of my own self, your self.
And all the situations, we feel that, that is what it is.
Again, we're not just making up that. It's true that is what it is.
So recognize that, bring up those, we call it on the sport light. Light is called devotions.
When we have the devotions, we settle down on the spiritual ground.
We're not just wondering as like lost chicken head everywhere.
We will settle down on the ground. From there we can really grow and develop.
Without the devotions, again, nothing is kind of sufficient.
Enough, this and that and kind of looking and looking and looking, searching and searching.
Then we ask the goal. For that reason, it is okay to teach you what it's called.
Three-grade world teaching of the garab borders, first and second and third.
I mean, you heard those teachings, so many things.
You heard this teaching, many of you and I heard too.
We all heard, what is second world? Second world, confirmed decision.
There is something that I would just like and say is all in a debate.
One determination of confirmed, there's nothing more precious, more special, more better than the z
obchi teaching.
Every leg to remove the ego clinging, every leg to remove, change this lifestyle and reveal our
primordial nature of wisdom.
Zobchi teaching, therefore, takkitō, you mean, we have concisely confirmed all like decisions,
trustees, people.
Then, zobchi teaching is the best teaching and a powerful teaching.
So, those all said, therefore, devotion is so important.
With that, those understanding, again, we think of a few things about as we're going, as for
renowned sessions.